Great Ruolan
Is that true?
Dad is not dreaming, is he?
Dad is real
Record or not, I don't know.
But when I was competing
It's never been below 400 kilograms.
Well, well, my good daughter, you finally won the championship.
Promising
Dad doesn't have to look up anymore
We don't have to be kicked out
I bah
You Zhao Daming are a wimp
Your daughter is also destined to be a pheasant
A pheasant can never become a phoenix
Just the broken school of ants
You have been so many years
Not cultivated
An Olympic student
Zhao Ruolan also won the championship
I believe in my daughter
My daughter Zhao Ruolan is the golden phoenix of Zhaojiacun
Do as I say
It must be Zhang Dongfeng
He got it wrong.
What people say is
Zhao Ruolan broke the record of the Ant Sports School
Won the championship of Ant Sports School
Exactly.
The women's weightlifting record is 450 kilograms.
This record has been held for 10 years
No one can break
And Zhao Ruolan
You are a bargain
Even Zhao Ruolanke 5kg medicine
Can't break
Principal Zhang, this is for recruitment
Put gold on your face